update the trust in canisters page (#1289)
dfinity/portal: docs/concepts/trust-in-canisters.md

A similar effect can also be achieved by setting the controller of a canister to be itself. In this case, however, you need to carefully verify that the canister cannot somehow submit a request to upgrade itself, e.g. by issuing a reinstall request. Here, code inspection and reproducible builds are crucial.

Finally, a somewhat more useful solution is to pass control of the canister to a so-called [“black hole” canister](https://github.com/ninegua/ic-blackhole). This canister has only itself as a controller but allows third parties to obtain useful information about the canisters the black hole controls, such as the available cycles balance of a black-holed canister. An instance of a black hole canister is [e3mmv-5qaaa-aaaah-aadma-cai](https://icscan.io/canister/e3mmv-5qaaa-aaaah-aadma-cai) which is thoroughly documented [here](https://github.com/ninegua/ic-blackhole). Note that the repository linked here mentions canister immutability, but this is red herring. The NNS is still capable of making changes to a canister that is controlled by a blackholed canister, or the blackhole canister itself.

### Sole Control by NNS and Other Governance

> A more complex but powerful approach is to control the canister via a distributed governance mechanism. One can imagine different levels of complexity and control that such a governance mechanism may implement. An example is the (upcoming) [SNS feature](https://medium.com/dfinity/how-the-service-nervous-system-sns-will-bring-tokenized-governance-to-on-chain-dapps-b74fb8364a5c) which allows developers to set the controller of their canister to some governing canister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more complex but powerful approach is to set the controller of the canister to a distributed governance mechanism. In this case, the NNS still has ultimate control over the canister. The advantage is that the more specific governance mechanism can be more focused on the canister. One can imagine different levels of complexity and control that such a governance mechanism may implement. An example is the (upcoming) [SNS feature](https://medium.com/dfinity/how-the-service-nervous-system-sns-will-bring-tokenized-governance-to-on-chain-dapps-b74fb8364a5c) which allows developers to set the controller of their canister to some governing canister.
```

Author: Thanks!
